hi how are you I hope you are well
good let's start with this video the reason
of this video is that I want to give my point
of what will happen in the
lp season finale what what
heard of twilight of sparkle it
a liquor will return, and I will not take it like that
and yes
but they say the story is going to
to be the same, nothing will change but I
I say it will not be just see
twilight like a princess the truth I
I see it as the end of this series for
I believe that to know the end of
this series are three things that are going to
will happen in the first series the rainbow
das becomes a second bolt wonder
that those who intimate crusade ers get
its cute and marc and third that twilight it
a good liquor returns another thing
I want to say is that I heard that derby
the favorite pony of this series is going to
disappear that will not appear in the
fourth season what I knew that
hasbro removed it from the series because
when they made the chapter where it comes out
derbi the men were angry because
They described her as stupid and clumsy
that's why they called her see and I think that
star removed it from the series but also
You have to see that the bronzes also
be it comics are the bananas the show
well as a fool some do not say that
all manly and I think you have to
clarify this to hasbro but talking about
the fourth season they also say that
they are going to appear human as they hear it
humans in the series seems
that the anger was fulfilled his dream not
well this was the first video of this
channel I hope you liked it and if
they ask him if I am a joke so if
I just gave my point of view about what
is happening in the series sorry to use
the voice of loquendo is that I still do not
I usually get in front of a
camera subscribe like this video
and if you want you can comment either your
opinion on this video or if you want
Comment on something in the next video
but before this video ends
I leave my reaction that hasbro removed from
the
medium
no no no no
do not